listen obviously when it comes to comedy
everything's gonna be subjective you
know there's people who love to laugh to
their browser lo others like their
comedy vulgar set apart with T sometimes
even flavorless but I believe the best
comedies always have a good message and
that's what makes them great let me
explain
so for those who don't know Seth Rogen
is out here looking like the new Brad
Pitt dudes been producing a bunch of
things for the past couple of years with
absolutely no plans of stopping he's hit
it big with certain movies TV shows he's
still starring in his own and I always
decided to make super bad jr. and I
personally think it's the funniest movie
of the year and although we've decided
it's okay for you to do these things in
the movie you can't watch yourselves do
them in the trailer they [ __ ] up know
why if you think super bad is a funny
movie I think you're gonna like this one
perhaps you've seen it but if you
haven't seen it add this to your list
cuz I know kids swearing in this type of
humor isn't gonna appeal to everyone
right but if you like super bad I think
it is it's interesting seeing parents
think that kids don't act this way and
I'm just thinking like when I grew up
right and I'm an early 2000s late 90s
kid yeah we didn't even have the
Internet and it was that bad even funny
are the joke police who yell at you for
liking it because it's not content meant
for kids and that they should be teams
and sure but then they do make it for
teams and y'all still want to ban that
and then and then when it's adults y'all
don't don't even watch that that's crazy
because while my pitch for this movie
begins with its humor of these three
kids sworn into the beanbag boy's
Association the best part is in the
title they're literally good boys if you
haven't seen it I am gonna spoil some
aspects you know it is a comedy but what
I'm arguing here is that there is
actually a great story so be warned
because you have max the leader who was
going through some mad puberty yet still
looks out for his boys when it comes to
getting invited to a kissing party which
just makes these other two feel like
we'll of stranger things I have seen
into the future today is a new day day
three of girls door knows that his true
passion is singing yet he succumbs to
peer pressure instead of laying down his
Thunder Lukas who I think is the
funniest of the group has his parents
going through a divorce and poor kid
thinks it's his fault and while yeah
they're swearing and yeah there's drug
deal it's
ever coming from the kids the movie is
funny because they're like actual kids
with all this information in front of
them they just don't know how to process
it they're literally good boys with no
ill attempt she starts fires no she's a
nymphomaniac
someone who has sex on land and sea they
all even have a Redemption arc in the
movie since as Alfie told us what do we
folks or realizes alcohol isn't
something he needs to turn to Lucas
literally never told the lie the entire
runtime and Max is the leader of the
group did take all responsibility at the
end and also got stood up more times
than Drake that said as funny as I think
the movie is the message is actually
kind of depressing
[Music]
so here's the thing once you start
watching a lot of movies and shows
you'll tend to notice patterns and 2019
seems to be the year of goodbyes I've
seen four movies at Sundance that ended
with the characters realizing with their
best friends you know the the people
they confided in the people they found
joy in that that entire relationship was
just temporary a segment in some cases a
mere stepping stone so by summer I knew
what the fork was gonna happen with Toy
Story
I knew that ending was probably gonna
crush me y'all heard me guests back in
the day that Game of Thrones was gonna
be nothing but goodbyes literally in
every way but when you follow characters
for about a decade and it's just leading
up to a goodbye it's gonna amplify that
climax it feels like a band-aid getting
ripped off in slo-mo and that's
amplified when you see it in other shows
when you then see it in other movies how
when you start reflecting back on your
own life cuz super bad in super bad 2019
both showed how after high school
you may go your separate ways that four
years or even a childhood of memories
doesn't mean a lifetime of being
together sometimes you have to find your
own way when you're being pushed out of
your own city when your responsibilities
have been complete when you realize that
the friends you had in elementary may
not be there for middle school and those
in high school may not be there for your
twenties so what better way to tell that
lesson than to show the good times the
bad times and the funny and knowing that
meeting them in the first place was
worth it even if you end up saying
goodbye thank you guys for watching this
video I hope you found it hilarious and
share it with all of your friends before
they leave and also let me know what
your favorite comedy of the year is I
really like this movie because there's a
bunch of quotes that I've had like the
scene at the park where he goes oh who's
Molly there's also the convenience store
beer scene because when you really look
at it and that scene when he talks about
the beer bottle being his penis he says
that and this way I find it extra
hilarious cuz we're also big fans of
midsummer and in midsummer if you
remember Christian says I'm sorry a
certain way it's the exact same way this
kid lies about having the the bottle be
his penis and that just makes the line
of it so much just more funnier for us
what do you have
pants my penis I'm sorry I also love the
econ like that oh my goodness I can't
wait to own this movie on blu-ray but
I'm curious to know what other things
you enjoy that are hilarious out there
maybe there's some TV show that I've
missed maybe there is some movie that I
miss there's a couple that I'm still
catching up on but let me know your
thoughts don't forget to comment like
subscribe and I'll send you a sippy cup